README.md, before:

# Membrane Template Plugin

[![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/membrane_template_plugin.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/membrane_template_plugin)
[![API Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/api-docs-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_template_plugin)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/membrane_template_plugin.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/membrane_template_plugin)

This repository contains a template for new plugins.

Check out different branches for other flavors of this template.

It's a part of the [Membrane Framework](https://membrane.stream).

## Installation

The package can be installed by adding `membrane_template_plugin` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:membrane_template_plugin, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

## Usage

TODO

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2020, [Software Mansion](https://swmansion.com/?utm_source=git&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=membrane_template_plugin)

[![Software Mansion](https://logo.swmansion.com/logo?color=white&variant=desktop&width=200&tag=membrane-github)](https://swmansion.com/?utm_source=git&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=membrane_template_plugin)

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Adapt UDP plugin to TCP (#1)
* Copy funtionality of UDP plugin (WIP)

* Adapt source and common behaviour to TCP

* Start working on tests

* Add tests

* make tests pass

* Change stream format, adjust tests

* Adjust integration test

* Make readme TODO

* Update tests

* Refactor connection_side

* Refactor socket test

README.md, after:

# Membrane TCP plugin

[![Hex.pm](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/membrane_tcp_plugin.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/membrane_tcp_plugin)
[![API Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/api-docs-yellow.svg?style=flat)](https://hexdocs.pm/membrane_tcp_plugin/)
[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/membrane_tcp_plugin.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/membraneframework/membrane_tcp_plugin)

This package provides TCP Source and Sink, that read and write to TCP sockets.

## Installation

Add the following line to your `deps` in `mix.exs`. Run `mix deps.get`.

```elixir
	{:membrane_tcp_plugin, "~> 0.1.0"}
```

## Copyright and License

Copyright 2023, [Software Mansion](https://swmansion.com/?utm_source=git&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=membrane)

[![Software Mansion](https://logo.swmansion.com/logo?color=white&variant=desktop&width=200&tag=membrane-github)](https://swmansion.com/?utm_source=git&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=membrane)

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE)
